{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22500\viewh14320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Smart Cities: an IoT-centric Approach \'97 Rating: 4 / 5\
\
It specified a new scope in application of IoT. We can build a sub to collect/transmit information, and then person can make the society better by that. I think that it is funny to make the information in our society public, everyone can access it by APIs or some useful tools. So all we can join in the issue of our living environment.\
\
I\'92m interested in the reusable of infrastructure during different cities.I think it is a good idea! Developing country can learn from the experience of the developed country, and then make a better decision to realize it. Further, before doing some construction can we get the feedback from which had done it to help us evaluate the new development case.\
\
I want to know why you classify the data into static one or real-time one? Because I think that most of the static information are average of a long-term real-time data. So, if we get some new real-time input, we should update the corresponding static data,too. Further, put it together can make the develop environment more friendly, developer can access the data easier.\
 \
However, the infrastructure so-called \'93public goods\'94 which just the government would make the choice to construct due to it is not profitable. So, even we can get lots of information and figure out what people desire, I doubt that whether it can actually meet the expectation.
\f1 \

\f0 \
}